1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?

There are 5 types of conditional formatting visualizations available:

->Background Color Shading (of cells)
->Foreground Color Shading (of fonts)
->Data Bars
->Icons (which have 4 different image types)
->Values



2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?

The fastest way to make a border in Excel is to apply one of the inbuilt options directly from the ribbon. Here's how:

1) Select a cell or a range of cells to which you want to add borders.
2) On the Home tab, in the Font group, click the down arrow next to the Borders button, and you will see a list of the most popular border types.
3) Click the border you want to apply, and it will be immediately added to the selected cells.



3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?


Select the cells that you want to format and then, in the Number group on the Home tab, click the down arrow in the Number Format box. Choose either Currency or Accounting.


4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?

On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box. In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage. In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display.



5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?

The first shortcut key for merging cells in Excel is Alt + H + M + M. This shortcut key will merge the selected cells and center the text within the merged cell. To use this shortcut key, select the cells you want to merge and press Alt + H + M + M.



6. How do you use text commands in Excel?

=TEXT(A2, "mm/dd/yy")
to ensure the desired result. Note for the text function, as for any function, you start the cell line with the "=" to signal to Excel that instead of data (being a date, number, or text) that a calculation is needed.

In its simplest form, the TEXT function says: =TEXT(Value you want to format, "Format code you want to apply")
