1. Using Insert Function, give examples of any function available in the
different dropdowns present in the function library. For example
AutoSum, Recently Used, Text, Date & Time, etc.

Ans) Use the Insert Function dialog box to help you insert the correct formula and arguments for your needs. (To view the Insert Function dialog box,click.

Search for a function:

Type a brief description of what you want a function to do, and then choose Go. A list of functions likely to fit your needs and based on your description will display in the Select a function box.

Or select a category:

From the drop-down list, do one of the following:

-Select Most Recently Used. Functions you have inserted in the recent past will display in alphabetical order in the Select a function box.

-Select a function category. Functions in that category will display in alphabetical order in the Select a function box.

-Select All. Every function will display in alphabetical order in the Select a function box.

Select a function:- Do one of the following:

-Click a function name to see the function syntax and a brief description immediately below the Select a function box.

-Double-click a function name to display the function and its arguments in the Function Arguments wizard, which helps you add correct arguments.


2. What are the different ways you can select columns and rows?

Ans) Select one or more rows and columns:-

1) Select the letter at the top to select the entire column. Or click on any cell in the column and then press Ctrl + Space.
2) Select the row number to select the entire row. ...
3) To select non-adjacent rows or columns, hold Ctrl and select the row or column numbers.
4) Select the cell then press ctrl + Shift + arrow button(left/right/up/down)- in whichever you want to select the row or column


3. What is AutoFit and why do we use it?

Ans) Excel's AutoFit feature is designed to automatically resize cells in a worksheet to accommodate different sized data without having to manually change the column width and row height. AutoFit Column Width - changes the column width to hold the largest value in the column.


4. How can you insert new rows and columns into the existing table? 

Ans) Click in a cell to the left or right of where you want to add a column. Under Table Tools, on the Layout tab, do one of the following: To add a column to the left of the cell, click Insert Left in the Rows and Columns group. To add a column to the right of the cell, click Insert Right in the Rows and Columns group.


5. How do you hide and unhide columns in excel?

Ans) Go to the Home tab > Cells group, and click Format > Hide & Unhide > Unhide columns.


6. Create an appropriate table within the worksheet and use different
functions available in the AutoSum command.

Ans) The AutoSum button is available in 2 locations on the Excel ribbon.

1) Home tab > Editing group > AutoSum

2) Formulas tab > Function Library group > AutoSum

Whenever you need to sum a single range of cells, whether a column, row or several adjacent columns or rows, you can have Excel AutoSum to automatically make an appropriate SUM formula for you.

To use AutoSum in Excel, just follow these 3 easy steps:

1) Select a cell next to the numbers you want to sum:
-To sum a column, select the cell immediately below the last value in the column.
-To sum a row, select the cell to the right of the last number in the row.

2) Click the AutoSum button on either the Home or Formulas tab.
-A Sum formula appears in the selected cell, and a range of cells you're adding gets highlighted 

3) Press the Enter key to complete the formula.
Now, you can see the calculated total in the cell, and the SUM formula in the formula bar.
